README.rst, before:

TOTPCGI
=======
---------------------------------------------------------
A centralized totp solution based on google-authenticator
---------------------------------------------------------

:Author:    mricon@kernel.org
:Copyright: Konstantin Ryabitsev and contributors
:License:   GPLv2+
:Version:   0.6.0-pre

DECRIPTION
----------
The idea of totpcgi (pronounced "Toopy-CGI") came when lamenting that
google-authenticator implementation is "almost there" to be used as a
generic org-wide 2-factor solution, but is annoyingly written to be a
one-secret-per-service (or -per-host) solution. Thus, totpcgi was born,
which uses files generated by google-authenticator and serves them from
a central installation.

It is intended to be used with pam_url_.

.. _pam_url: https://fedorahosted.org/pam_url/

FEATURES
--------
1. Fully interoperable with Google-Authenticator
2. Uses Google-Authenticator-generated secret files
3. Supports pincodes (i.e. users log in with 'usercode555555')
4. Supports file-based state backend for non-redundant installations and
   Postgresql for load-balanced setups.
5. Supports encrypting the Google-Authenticator master secret with the
   user's pincode.
6. Supports web-based provisioning to generate Google-Authenticator
   compatible files (or database entries).

REQUIREMENTS
------------
1. pyotp_
2. google-authenticator_ to generate the .totp files by hand
3. flup_ (for .fcgi only)
4. psycopg2_ (for postgresql backend support)
5. py-bcrypt_ (for pincode support using bcrypt)
6. pycrypto_ and passlib_ (for encrypted-secret support)
7. pam_url_ (for PAM support)
8. python-qrcode_ (for provisioning support)
9. MySQL-python_ (for MySQL backend support)

All of these dependencies are in EPEL for RHEL 6.

.. _pyotp: https://github.com/nathforge/pyotp
.. _google-authenticator: https://code.google.com/p/google-authenticator/
.. _flup: http://trac.saddi.com/flup
.. _psycopg2: http://initd.org/psycopg/
.. _py-bcrypt: https://code.google.com/p/py-bcrypt/
.. _pycrypto: https://www.dlitz.net/software/pycrypto/
.. _passlib: https://code.google.com/p/passlib/
.. _python-qrcode: https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode
.. _MySQL-python: http://sourceforge.net/projects/mysql-python/

AUTHORS
-------
  * Konstantin Ryabitsev <mricon@kernel.org>
  * Andrew Grimberg <agrimberg@linuxfoundation.org>

SUPPORT
-------
Please open an issue on GitHub: https://github.com/mricon/totp-cgi/issues

Commit message:

Pincode and/or non pincode support - inital commit

README.rst, after:

TOTPCGI w/ pincode and simultaneous no pincode based on mode.
(quick, dirty hack)

=======
---------------------------------------------------------
A centralized totp solution based on google-authenticator
---------------------------------------------------------

:Author:    mricon@kernel.org
:Copyright: Konstantin Ryabitsev and contributors
:License:   GPLv2+
:Version:   0.6.0-pre

DECRIPTION
----------
The idea of totpcgi (pronounced "Toopy-CGI") came when lamenting that
google-authenticator implementation is "almost there" to be used as a
generic org-wide 2-factor solution, but is annoyingly written to be a
one-secret-per-service (or -per-host) solution. Thus, totpcgi was born,
which uses files generated by google-authenticator and serves them from
a central installation.

It is intended to be used with pam_url_.

This hack allows for a client (non-pam) to request only pincode verification via
mode=PAM_SM_AUTH_TOKEN_ONLY.

.. _pam_url: https://fedorahosted.org/pam_url/

FEATURES
--------
1. Fully interoperable with Google-Authenticator
2. Uses Google-Authenticator-generated secret files
3. Supports pincodes (i.e. users log in with 'usercode555555')
4. Supports file-based state backend for non-redundant installations and
   Postgresql for load-balanced setups.
5. Supports encrypting the Google-Authenticator master secret with the
   user's pincode.
6. Supports web-based provisioning to generate Google-Authenticator
   compatible files (or database entries).

REQUIREMENTS
------------
1. pyotp_
2. google-authenticator_ to generate the .totp files by hand
3. flup_ (for .fcgi only)
4. psycopg2_ (for postgresql backend support)
5. py-bcrypt_ (for pincode support using bcrypt)
6. pycrypto_ and passlib_ (for encrypted-secret support)
7. pam_url_ (for PAM support)
8. python-qrcode_ (for provisioning support)
9. MySQL-python_ (for MySQL backend support)

All of these dependencies are in EPEL for RHEL 6.

.. _pyotp: https://github.com/nathforge/pyotp
.. _google-authenticator: https://code.google.com/p/google-authenticator/
.. _flup: http://trac.saddi.com/flup
.. _psycopg2: http://initd.org/psycopg/
.. _py-bcrypt: https://code.google.com/p/py-bcrypt/
.. _pycrypto: https://www.dlitz.net/software/pycrypto/
.. _passlib: https://code.google.com/p/passlib/
.. _python-qrcode: https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode
.. _MySQL-python: http://sourceforge.net/projects/mysql-python/

AUTHORS
-------
  * Konstantin Ryabitsev <mricon@kernel.org>
  * Andrew Grimberg <agrimberg@linuxfoundation.org>

SUPPORT
-------
Please open an issue on GitHub: https://github.com/mricon/totp-cgi/issues
